3. Scalability testing

3.1. Summary of the obtained results from the scalability testing (Maximum 500 words)
Show the scaling behavior of your application. Which progress did you achieved? Does it fulfill your expectations? If
not, what were the reasons?

3.2. Images or graphics showing results from the scalability testing (Minimum resolution of 300 dpi)
Please attach the images to this form.
All tables and figures (including photographs, schemas, graphs and diagrams) should be numbered with Arabic numerals
(1,2,...n) and include a descriptive caption. 

should be numbered with Arabic numerals and include a descriptive heading
All figures (including photographs, schemas, graphs and diagrams ) should be numbered with Arabic numerals (1,2,...n).
All photographs, schemas, graphs and diagrams are to be referred to as figures

3.3. Data to deploy scalability curves

A) Some typical user test cases
Please include the data for each test case.

Number of cores & Wall clock time & Speed-up vs the first one & Number of Nodes & Number of process

B) Strong scaling curve
Introduce de data in order to deploy the scalability curve when the number of processors varies for a fixed total problem size.

C) Weak scaling curve
Introduce de data in order to deploy the scalability curve when the number of processors varies for a fixed problem size per processor. 


3.4. Publications or reports regarding the scalability testing. (Format: Author(s). “Title”. Publication, volume, issue,
page, month year)

4. Development and optimization

4.1. General description of the work done in the project (unlimited number of words)
Please, mention the technical and algorithmic methods and programming techniques employed, the use of profiling tools when applicable and the use of numerical libraries when applicable.

4.2. Summary of the obtained results from the enabling process (Maximum 500 words)
Please describe the effort you spent. Which progress did you achieve? Please describe in detail which enabling work was performed (porting, work on algorithms, I/O…etc.). Which problems did you experience?

4.3. If applicable, which tools did you use to analyze your code? (e.g. Scalasca, Vampir…etc.)  (Maximum 500 words)

4.4. What are the main actions that you did for optimization or improvement of your code on the PRACE machines? What feature was to be optimized? What was the bottleneck? What solution did you use (if any)? (Maximum 500 words)

4.5. Publications or reports regarding the development and optimization. (Format: Author(s). “Title”. Publication, volume, issue, page, month year)

5. Main results

What are your conclusions? What do you think of the usability of the assigned PRACE system? Which is the relevance of the obtained results for the stated scientific goals? Please, explain the outlook on the possible future work. 

6. Feedback and technical deployment

6.1. Feedback on the centers/PRACE mechanism (Maximum 500 words)

6.2. Explanation of how the computer time was used compared with the work plan presented in the proposal. Justification of discrepancies, especially if the computer time was not completely used. (Maximum 500 words)

6.3. Please, let us know if you plan to apply for a regular PRACE project? If not, explain us why. (Maximum 500 words)
